{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red24\green55\blue106;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14460\viewh21020\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs38 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Hi Bill,
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 Following is the copy for the Public Voice homepage.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf3 \strokec3 \'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs38 \cf2 1. Intro Copy
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf3 \strokec3 \'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 Main Caption: Welcome to San Francisco Public Voice
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 Sub-caption:\'a0 Building smarter and better City websites, digital products and services through community outreach and user testing.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 \'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs38 \cf2 2. Our Vision
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf3 \strokec3 \'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 Through our citywide Digital Services Strategy, the City and County of San Francisco is igniting an effort to design services that are easy to use and accessible to all. Building new digital services is a chance to rethink an entire business process and 
\b include our residents and clients in the design and development process
\b0 . 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 The Public Voice is a platform service to help bring the public into the design process of City services. Through collaboration and continued discourse, the Public Voice will build community with residents, visitors, and businesses.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 \'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs38 \cf2 3. Focus on Inclusion
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 The Public Voice has three explicit focus areas to help us build a new model for digital service user interface testing, digital skills development, and community engagement.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 \'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 Digital First
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb4 A focus on government services being redesigned as part of our citywide initiative to be \'93digital by default\'94. 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 Accessibility Compliance
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb4 Focus on accessibility for people with low digital literacy, non-native English speakers, and people with disabilities. 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 Feedback Loops
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb4 Create structural relationships and feedback loops with agency digital product managers. 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs38 \cf2 4. Our Model
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 The Public Voice model emphasizes three major elements.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 \'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 Engage Residents
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 Public Voice organizers create a continuing conversation with residents by building a pool of participants interested in user-testing. This greater group of testers is built by providing a small incentive to join as well as an introduction to a City community. When products are ready to test then, a smaller group of relevant testers are drawn out to conduct the test. Again, an incentive is provided to compensate for the time spent providing feedback.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 \'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs32 Community Outreach
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 Public Voice emphasizes going out into the community to residents to get feedback. Hosting testing sites at local community centers, libraries, or any communal gathering areas is an effort to make it even easier for residents to contribute. In addition, considering the unique character of San Francisco\'92s business community, Public Voice can provide a conduit for building stronger relationships between the technology sector and local government.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 \'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 Department Outreach
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 As part of the City\'92s UX/UI design services, the SF Department of Technology will reach out to the departments regarding the user testing services that are available to them. The City\'92s UX/UI team in the SF Department of Technology will provide departments with initial user testing consultation services and best practices in the enhancements of existing products and in the development of new digital products.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 \'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs38 \cf2 5. Partners
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 Cross-sector partnerships are a key element to the success of the Public Voice. We are proud to partner with strong and committed people to bring user testing to more City products and services.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 \'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs30 \cf2 Department of Technology - \'a0City & County of San Francisco\'a0 
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 Add new DT Logo
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 \'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs30 \cf2 Mayor\'92s office of Innovation - \'a0City & County of San Francisco\'a0 
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 Add MOCHI logo
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 \'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs30 \cf2 Committee on Information Technology - \'a0City & County of San Francisco\'a0 
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 Add COIT logo
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 \'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs30 \cf2 CivicMakers
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 Add CivicMakers logo
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 \'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs30 \cf2 Microsoft
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 Add Microsoft logo
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 \'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs30 \cf2 Lighthouse for the Blind
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 Add Lighthouse for the Blind logo
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 \'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 I\'92ll stop by tomorrow and we can review this in more detail.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 \'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 Thanks very much
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 Christina
\f1\fs24 \
}